! https://www.youtube.com

! homepage small left sidebar
youtube.com##ytd-mini-guide-renderer.ytd-app.style-scope

! homepage top chip/category bar
youtube.com###scroll-container > .ytd-feed-filter-chip-bar-renderer.style-scope

! homepage video recommendations
youtube.com##:matches-path(/^/$/).ytd-two-column-browse-results-renderer.style-scope > .ytd-rich-grid-renderer.style-scope

! navbar sign in button
youtube.com###buttons > ytd-button-renderer.ytd-masthead.style-scope > yt-button-shape

! navbar voice search icon
youtube.com##.yt-spec-button-shape-next--icon-only-default.yt-spec-button-shape-next--size-m.yt-spec-button-shape-next--overlay.yt-spec-button-shape-next--text.yt-spec-button-shape-next

! navbar settings google settings
youtube.com##yt-multi-page-menu-section-renderer.ytd-multi-page-menu-renderer.style-scope:nth-of-type(2)

! watch page recommended videos
youtube.com###secondary

! watch page playlist button
youtube.com##.ytd-menu-renderer.style-scope.yt-spec-button-view-model

! youtube watch page subscribe button
youtube.com###subscribe-button > .ytd-watch-metadata.style-scope

! youtube watch page description
youtube.com###bottom-row

! youtube watch page comments
youtube.com###comments > .ytd-comments.style-scope

! youtube left sidebar hamburger button
youtube.com###guide-button

! youtube left sidebar
youtube.com###guide

! youtube search page reels suggestions
youtube.com##ytd-reel-shelf-renderer

! youtube channel page subscribe button
youtube.com##:matches-path(/^/@.*$/).ytd-c4-tabbed-header-renderer.style-scope.channel-action

! hide shorts chip button in results
youtube.com##:matches-path(/^/results\?search_query.*$/)yt-chip-cloud-chip-renderer.yt-chip-cloud-renderer.style-scope:has-text(/^Shorts/)

! various subscribe buttons
youtube.com##.yt-spec-button-shape-next--size-m.yt-spec-button-shape-next--mono.yt-spec-button-shape-next--filled.yt-spec-button-shape-next:has-text(/^Subscribe$/i)

! complete shorts viewer
youtube.com##:matches-path(/^/shorts/.*$/)#shorts-container

! shorts viewer button
youtube.com##:matches-path(/^/shorts/.*$/)#navigation-button-down

! history notice
youtube.com##:matches-path(/^/$/)#dismissible

! https://m.youtube.com

! homepage browse page
m.youtube.com##:matches-path(/^/$/)ytm-browse

! most menu items
m.youtube.com##ytm-multi-page-menu-section-renderer:has-text(/^(Sign in)|(Feedback)|(YouTube.*)$/)

! remove library from bottom bar
m.youtube.com##ytm-pivot-bar-item-renderer:has(.pivot-library.pivot-bar-item-tab)

! remove shorts from bottom bar
m.youtube.com##ytm-pivot-bar-item-renderer:has(.pivot-shorts.pivot-bar-item-tab)

! remove reels shelf
m.youtube.com##ytm-reel-shelf-renderer

! remove watch page reccs
m.youtube.com##:matches-path(/^/watch.*$/)ytm-item-section-renderer.single-column-watch-next-modern-panels.scwnr-content:nth-of-type(2)

! remove watch page save button
m.youtube.com##.icon-add_to_playlist.slim_video_action_bar_renderer_button:has-text(/^Save$/)

! remove watch page report button
m.youtube.com##.icon-flag.slim_video_action_bar_renderer_button:has-text(/^Report$/)

! remove comment action button
m.youtube.com##:matches-path(/^/watch.*$/).comment-menu.icon-button

! end